hello all today we have come here to
the presentation of the samsung galaxy note
4 and we are in one of the towers of
crystal
I want you to see the sights that sneaks
Jce that you come to see what everything is
madrid that we can see from here
here you see other of the two towers and
good madrid and now as you can see it takes two
days crying more can not we have
madrid collapsed
and this is part of madrid's center
Madrid
and now it touches the samsung galaxy note
4 well these days from samsung we are
presenting the samsung galaxy and naut 4
the new terminal of the naut range that
as you know, it is identified by a great
screen and the spain in the penn that we
will allow many features
for our day to day it facilitates us the
how we interact with the terminal we
allows you to create content all that
have to do with notes and interacting
with the screen to get the most out of it
performance to this screen we can
make use of the multi window the multi
window we take out with the key
go back and from this panel that
we get out we can choose to what
applications we access for example
Internet
Y
the messages
You see how we can simultaneously
work with the two applications are
running simultaneously and we can
even interact with them by
example if again I take out the
multitasking I open the gallery works
also horizontally that the interface is
customizable we have the application of
gallery and messages we can interact
with them
in this button we bring for example
this image to the message directly you see
how is inserted in the message
other features of the screen and
the spain is while we have a
foreground application
we make a gesture from the corner
top right and bring it to us
floating window as before with two
split windows to what we have is
one application in the background and another
floating we could minimize the the
we still have to go to the menu
and for example any other application
that of contacts with the same gesture
make it floating we can have up
five floating windows with which
we interact simultaneously
that we are seeing how we get him
performance to this screen is a
57-inch screen with resolution
qhd four times hd are 2560 x 1440
pixels
we will notice the quality
when looking at images
as for the resolution and the palette of
colors that is able to represent I'll
to close this window
that color palette representative of
the super amoled screens that is the
technology that we use
and another very important aspect of
terminal is the camera both the front
as the main effort has been made
in improving them
the main camera you see for example
our range of accessories the camera
main has 16 megapixels with
video recording in hd in 4k and also
has optical image stabilizer is
say the videos in motion or the
photographs at night will improve a lot
thanks to this feature also the
frontal as we were not going to talk about the
front camera we have improved the quality
37 megapixels and the functionalities
of self and we can make a being fill
panoramic
where we do the photography and
spinning
the terminal
it takes us all that angle we will see how
compile the image in that panoramic
with which to take the group fis or in the
that the fund has more prominence
apart from all these functionalities
It is very important to design the
Metallic steel frame terminal and
painted over with this finish the
back in a very comfortable material for
that the grip ergonomics be the best
possible and also the color palette
what you see from the launch will be
available the four golden colors
pink black and white the launch will be
on October 24 and will be available on
Recommended price is 749 euros